<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sps_srd_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 1</title>
    <body>
        <p>In a far-off castle in the Florida Everglades, a spoiled prince spent his days selfishly
            laughing at the misfortune of others. He had everything – money, power, and glory – yet
            he wanted more and was dissatisfied with the many offerings he was given. </p>
        <p>It was late September when a vicious hurricane struck Florida and left thousands of
            people stranded, yet the price turned a blind eye. One day, an old lady visited his
            castle and offered him a single red rose in exchange for food and shelter. Repulsed by
            her ugly appearance, the young prince rudely rejected her gift. She warned him to not be
            deceived by appearances for beauty is found within. The prince laughed at the old lady
            and shut the door in her face. The old lady knocked once more, to which the prince
            opened the door and discovered her transforming into a beautiful Latina enchantress. The
            prince tried to apologize but it was too late, she had already seen how vain and
            unloving he truly was. </p>
        <p>As punishment, she transformed him into a gruesome beast and placed a spell on his castle
            and all who lived there. <b>His employees turned to household items and adorable animals
                disappeared into thin air, leaving the former tropical paradise to become a dark and
                gloomy sunken swamp.</b>
        </p>
        <p>The rose she had given him turned out to be an enchanted rose that would bloom until his
                21<sup>st</sup> birthday. If he could learn to love those around him and receive the
            same love in return before the last rose petal falls, then the spell would be broken,
            and all would go back to normal. Although, if he is incapable of learning to love those,
            both beautiful and ugly alike, then the spell would become permanent and curse those
            within the castle forever. </p>
    </body>
</topic>
