<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="chapter-4-belles-sacrifice">
    <title>Chapter 4: Belle's Sacrifice</title>
    <body>
        <p>Four whole days passed with no word from Maurice and Belle started to worry. At first,
            she thought he might have lost track of time at the Inventors Fair or maybe got a flat
            tire on his way home, but when he missed their usual Taco Tuesday and weekly Salsa
            night, she knew something was wrong. Belle called the Miami Beach Convention Center, the
            location where the fair was hosted, only to learn her father never showed up. </p>
        <p>Her last hope was to track the Apple AirTag on his truck. Belle thought it was a long
            shot, but to her surprise, the tag pinged instantly in the Florida Everglades. “Why
            would he go there? Isn’t it dangerous? she questioned, remembering the stories Maurice
            used to tell her about a vicious beast lurking in the wetlands. <ph audience="children"
                >She guessed he might have been trying to pick up scrap parts from Facebook
                Marketplace and gotten lost on the way to the fair. Belle shook her head and called
                and Uber. </ph><ph audience="adults">She guessed that he may have used the Inventors
                Fair as an excuse to meet up with a beautiful Latina, given his past attraction to
                Hispanic women, such as her mother. However, this idea didn’t seem plausible; her
                mother had only passed away two years ago, and her father was still deeply in love
                with her, keeping a picture of her next to his bed. Belle shook her head for even
                considering this thought and called an Uber. </ph></p>
        <p>When Belle arrived at the location, she was stunned to find a gigantic castle – a sight
            straight out of a fairytale, not Southern Florida. Maurice’s Ford was parked in the
            driveway, but nowhere in sight. Belle stomped up the castle steps, threw open the door,
            and yelled out, “father, where are you” while searching the castle. </p>
        <p>It didn’t take her long to find her father locked in a cell, guarded by hairy beast who
            was fast asleep. Maurice quickly whispered what had happened to him, and Belle cried out
            in horror, accidentally waking the beast. She begged the monster to release her father
            but he refused. Determined to free him, Belle offered herself in place of her father,
            promising to dedicate her youth to serve the beast and his castle. <ph
                audience="children">The beast admired Belle’s courage and agreed to allow Belle to
                work in place of her father.</ph>
            <ph audience="adults">The beast reluctantly accepted, releasing Maurice and taking Belle
                as prisoner.</ph></p>
    </body>
</topic>
