<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sps_srd_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 6: Growing Affection</title>
    <body>
        <p>Belle and the Beast’s affection for each other grew more with each passing day. Belle
            taught the Beast kindness, and in return turn, he gave her life worth’s adventure. They
            read books together, cooked meals, went on swamp hikes, and he even learned to salsa
            dance for her. Though they never openly said “I love you,” their feelings for each other
            were strong. The Beast no longer feared being alone and unloved, for he now knew that
            Belle was his soulmate.</p>
        <p>As an early Christmas present, the Beast surprised Belle with a brand-new Mercedes-Benz
            G-Wagon so she could visit Maurice. <ph audience="children">When she arrived back at her
                yellow beachside cottage, Maurice was so shocked, with tears in his eyes, “Belle, I
                thought I’d never see you again! Are you ok? I missed you so much!”</ph><ph
                audience="adults">When she arrived back at her yellow beachside cottage, Maurice was
                so shocked, with tears in his eyes, “Belle, I thought I’d never see you again! What
                has he done to you? Did he hurt you at all? I tried to call the police, but they
                didn’t believe me!”</ph>Belle reassured him that the Beast wasn’t really the monster
            everyone made him out to be, but rather a sweet gentleman who needed someone to believe
            in him. Maurice was a bit wary to trust Belle’s interpretation of the Beast, but he knew
            his daughter wouldn’t love just anyone, so he supported her regardless of his bad first
            impression. He even planned to come visit the castle and spend Christmas with her new
            boyfriend.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
